[RFC] Update Design documentation based on rav1e 0.4.0 (#2213)
xiph/rav1e: README.md

## Design

> The File Structure and design of the encoder is explained more in [Structure](doc/STRUCTURE.md) document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The File Structure and design of the encoder is explained more in the [Structure](doc/STRUCTURE.md) document.
```

> The File Structure and design of the encoder is being explained more in [Structure](doc/STRUCTURE.md) docuement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The File Structure and design of the encoder is explained more in [Structure](doc/STRUCTURE.md) document.
```
